#summary Introduction & activity log

= Introduction =

mfm-simulation project evaluates "Magnetic field model" (MFM) being proposed in IWSON2.   [http://www.iswcs2012.org/images/IWSONII_Program_120828.pdf Workshop program].  In future the project would be maintained and much more simulation, demonstration of MFM will be done as part of this project.  Contributors are welcome!!! please email to me @ "premnathkn@gmail.com"

= Details =

Activities done:
 # Code base made available to public (in the current form).
 # Short Abstract and initial wiki ready.

*Current ongoing activities:*
 # Introducing MFM algorithm in the tool.
 # Viewing the MFM iteration results.

*Technology used:*
 # Primilarly java.
 # Log4J is used for logging.

*Next steps:*
 * provide manual development environment configuration.  Until then "just import the project in eclipse with workspace mfm-simulation" and use JDK 1.6 (also code compliance set to Java 1.6).  Run myMFM.java as a Java application.  That's it.
 * Introduce, integrate Spring & convert all sigletons to sprint services.
 * Maven integration
 * Continious integration environment.
 * Code clarity and checkstyle recommendations.
 * Much more....  

= Using the application =
 * Activate or click "Define sites" button and arbitarily click on the canvas.
 * Click on load network button.  We will see the sites on the canvas.
 * Click "Define cells" button.
 * Click on load network button.  Will load the cells.
 * Click on the cell line we could see the cells are selectable.
 * Now other functionalities are being developed....  Watch here for latest updates.